ER1
Input Validation:
The text must start with an upper-case letter and end with a full stop. 
Validation should take place in the instantiable class and will halt the 
running of the application if validation does not pass
Scrambling:
The scrambled text should start with the number of characters in the initial text.
Replace each vowel with your initials. 
This should be hard coded into the application and is not required as user input.
ER2
Input Validation:
The text must contain at least 2 spaces. Validation should take place in the instantiable 
class and will halt the running of the application if validation does not pass.
Scrambling:
Every character that is not a vowel should be replaced by the last 3 digits of your student number. 
This should be hard coded into the application and is not required as user input.
The encoded String ends with the number of characters in the initial text.
 
MPA1
Ask the user at the beginning of the application how many paragraphs they would like to scramble, 
and ensure that the application scrambles that amount of sentences. 
This should be completed using a graphical interface such as JOptionPane.
MPA2
Ask the user to provide a paragraph and after the paragraph is encoded, 
create a popup that asks the user if they would like to encode another paragraph. 
As long as the user clicks “yes” the application repeat. When the user clicks “no”, 
no other sentences are scrambled. 
This should be completed using a graphical interface such as JOptionPane.

F1
The method should take in 2 parameters; an array of words, and a number. 
The method should search the array of words and find and output the words matching the given number. 
If there are multiple words with the same length as the given number, 
then the method should find all the words that have the same length as that number. 
The words computed by the method should be stored in an array of words. 
The method should return the computed array of words.
F2
The method should accept as parameters an array of words and a character. 
The method should then search the array of words and find the words that begin with that character. 
If there are multiple words with the same starting character, 
then the method should find all the words that have the same given starting character. 
The words computed by the method should be stored in an array of words. 
The method should return the computed array of words.
