Question A
A1 A startup company has hired you to develop an application to create default passwords for their
employees accounts. The application prompts the user for two pieces of information, first to enter a
line of text (in lowercase letters) in the following format "forename surname", and second to enter a
number n, where n is any of the numbers from 3 to 5 inclusive. Your application must ensure that
the user provides a valid value for n, that is either 3 or 4 or 5. Next, the application uses the entered
text and the number n to create the password. The password is created using the following rules:
a) eliminate every nth character of the initial text (i.e. every nth character of the initial text will
not be used in the password; for example, if the number is 3, then every 3rd character of
the initial text will not be used in the password; if the number is 4, then every 4th character
of the initial text will not be used in the password; or if the number is 5, then every 5th
character of the initial text will not be used in the password)
b) each space is replaced by an exclamation mark (i.e. ‘!’)
c) if the character is a vowel then immediately before the vowel add the uppercase letter ‘R’
d) all the other characters of the initial text are copied as they are in the password
1. Develop an instantiable class for this application which contains:
A class definition
Suitable data members (instance variables)
A constructor
All necessary setter methods to set the details provided by the user
A compute method to create the password
A getter method to return the password
Name the instantiable class DefaultPassword.
For example, if the instantiable class receives:
? the text “ema smith” and the number 3 for n, then the compute method should create
the password “Rem!sRit” (please note that according to the rule a) every 3rd character
of the initial text has been removed)
? the text “omar umar” and the value 5 for n, then the compute method should create the
password “RomRarRumRar” (please note that according to the rule a) every 5th
character of the initial text has been removed)